c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.exe.config
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.frmCatalogoInicio.resources
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.Unidad1.resources
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.Unidad2.resources
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.Unidad3.resources
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.Unidad4.resources
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.Unidad5.resources
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\obj\Debug\CatalogoProgramas.Unidad6.resources
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\MiPrimerProyectoConsola.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\MiPrimerProyectoWindowsForms.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\MiPrimerProyectoConsola.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\MiPrimerProyectoWindowsForms.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\CalificacionGrupal.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Concierto.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Cuadrado.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Embotelladora.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Empleado.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Persona.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Personas.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Recibo.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Temperatura.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Vehiculo.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\CalificacionGrupal.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Concierto.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Cuadrado.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Embotelladora.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Empleado.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Recibo.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Personas.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Persona.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Temperatura.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Vehiculo.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\EmpleadosRestaurante.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Figuras Geometricas.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\FigurasGeometricas2.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\InterfacesEjercicio1.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\JuegoPiedraPapelyTijeras.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Operacion.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Vehiculos.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\EmpleadosRestaurante.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Figuras Geometricas.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\FigurasGeometricas2.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\InterfacesEjercicio1.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\JuegoPiedraPapelyTijeras.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Operacion.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Vehiculos.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Bidimensional2.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejemplo1Propuesto.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejercicio1ColoresDePaises.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejercicio2ArregloObjetosPaisesYColores.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejercicio3DatoAlumnoMaestro.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejercicio4DatosAlumnosMaestros.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\MatrizSumaFCD.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\MiPrimeraClase.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\NumerosMayorMenor.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Pasteleria.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Torneo.exe
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Bidimensional2.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejemplo1Propuesto.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejercicio1ColoresDePaises.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejercicio2ArregloObjetosPaisesYColores.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejercicio3DatoAlumnoMaestro.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Ejercicio4DatosAlumnosMaestros.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\MatrizSumaFCD.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\MiPrimeraClase.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\NumerosMayorMenor.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Pasteleria.pdb
c:\users\geralss4\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Torneo.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Bidimensional1.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\Bidimensional1.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ABidimensional1.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ABidimensional1.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ExamenRecibo.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ExamenRecibo.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchBidimensional2.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchBidimensional2.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchTorneo.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchTorneo.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ClasesProg101.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ClasesProg101.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArcColoresPais.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArcColoresPais.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchNpaises.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchNpaises.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchNumMayorMenor.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchPasteleria.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchNumMayorMenor.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchPasteleria.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchEjercicioAlumnoMaestr.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchMaestrosyAlumnos.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchMatrizFCD.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchMiPrimeraClase.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchEjercicioAlumnoMaestr.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchMaestrosyAlumnos.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchMatrizFCD.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchMiPrimeraClase.pdb
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchEjemplo1Propuesto.exe
C:\Users\GeRaLsS4\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CatalogodeProgramasPOO\CatalogoProgramas\bin\Debug\ArchEjemplo1Propuesto.pdb
